---
tags:
  - dailyNote
check(1-5): 
lifeOS:
  - "[lifeOS](../../02%20-%20Atomic/lifeOS.md)"
  - "[Objectives from March 23 to September 23](../../02%20-%20Atomic/Objectives%20from%20March%2023%20to%20September%2023.md)"
  - "[Journal Promts](../../02%20-%20Atomic/Some%20Journaling%20prompts%20by%20ChatGPT.md)"
---
###  First things first: 

- [ ]  Woke up in time
- [ ] Enough breakfast
- [ ] Gym / Training /Movement

### Today's reflections: 
**Medium articles:** Some of the medium articles I read today and liked: 
+ On organisation and task management: [Task management and prioritisation](../../02%20-%20Atomic/Task%20management%20and%20prioritisation.md)
+ Some questions to ask myself: 
#### 1. What do you want from life?

This question will help you to find the direction of your life. It won’t make sense until you write it down on paper.

#### 2. What are your ethics?

This question will help you to add respect and reputation to your life. The answer to this question will define the quality of your life.

#### 3. What do you want to be in life?

It is a tricky question, but you must answer it with sincerity. Answering this question will bring you peace.

I'm going into medium with the idea of getting some references and searching what it is that I want to do and how do I want to apply my knowledge. 
From the task management article I'm reassuring an idea I've been having with exams. I have to prioritise the courses I like and the ones from last year. If an exam (like today's) hasn't been prepared then I still need to prioritise the other courses. Then in order to actually do this exams I need to keep them in mind and organise them with more time. 
The order I think is the important one for task is: 
+ Last year courses exams
+ Last year courses exercises and theory
+ This year courses exams
+ This year courses exercises and theory
### Before we end: 

- [ ]  Instagram usage
	- [ ] Keep usage under 1 hour
	- [ ] Keep usage in the home not in reels
	- [ ] Post something

- [ ] No porn 
- [ ] UC3M
	- [ ] Achieved all task proposed at the start of the day
	- [ ] Went to all classes

- [ ] Read during the day
### Tomorrow's morning routine: 
+ Why is this routine important? 
+ What would benefit me from doing it?