---
date: 2024-05-03T14:01
tags:
  - dailyNote
check(1-5): 
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - friday
---

# DAILY NOTE
## Friday, May 3rd, 2024

***
### Journal
#### TIME: 14:01
I’ve never been to excited about my birthday, for me it’s usually just one more day, people remember me and they congratulate me but that is not something I deeply care about, the interaction of congratulating someone is always the same and is more of a chore than anything else. I like however to meet with those I actually care about, that’s what I’m doing today. 
But today I woke up late and again, got sucked into the world of the dreams, It’s an strange sensation because If I don’t fight it I’ll usually just go to sleep again, and the dreams I have in that moment seem to have the objective of interacting with me so that I’m not aware I’m sleeping in. This morning my whole family came to sing happy birthday and I couldn’t have a response. Then Erica’s kid was here the whole morning and I din’t even care about her, well, I did care, I just did not do anything, or at least that is what I like to think. Focusing on doing again is the conclusion I’m arriving to.

I also want to try and do one of the journal prompts today from: [[Some Journaling prompts by ChatGPT|Journal Prompts]]

16. **Write about a time when you felt proud of yourself.**
17. 
The last time I felt proud was when I got my drivers license. Is something I worked on for a lot of time and gave it lot’s of hours of my time. I guess doing so (working repetitively on something) is the recipe for, when achieving it, being proud of yourself. I have always known that I like to have an stimuli, constant one. That is why when I’m outside and have to follow a conversation that is not mine I tend to get out an smoke or why I like high dopamine output things and sports. 
Getting the drivers license was not monotone thanks to my teacher, he made it easy to keep driving and doing the same things all over again but with different conversation topics and with a good output of how to improve my driving. When I’ve tried to worked by projects I’m after all trying to do exactly that, make it all easy. 

But really not all is easy, I want to make it all so it is but it may not be, and if it isn’t easy I need to be prepared mentally to know that and still work it out.  

***

## [[Objectives from March 23 to September 23 |Objectives]]

- [ ] Morning Routine
	- [ ] Woke up in time
	- [x] Enough breakfast
	- [ ] Gym / Training /Movement (30 min)

- [ ]  Instagram usage
	- [ ] Keep usage under 1 hour
	- [ ] Keep usage in the home not in reels
	- [ ] Post something

- [ ] No porn 

- [ ] UC3M
	- [ ] Achieved all task proposed at the start of the day
	- [ ] Went to all classes - No classes but a study timetable. (Not followed)

- [ ] Read during the day


---
### Tomorrow's morning routine: 
+ Why is this routine important? 
Tomorrow I’m driving to El Escorial, this means that Nogue depends on me for it and my parents do to.
+ What would benefit me from doing it?