---
date: 2024-04-11T10:36
tags:
  - dailyNote
check(1-5): []
cssclasses:
  - daily - thursday
---

# DAILY NOTE
## Thursday, April 11th, 2024

***
### Journal
#### 10:37

The waking up process today was something kind of bizarre. It happens from time to time, once I’m awake I the reason I strugle so much to wake up. 
I can clearly remember that this morning I woke up before my alarm sounded ( this is what I had intended so, nice!)
, well no, nice at first, then i turned off the alarms and… whent directly back to sleep. 
Training or having time for breakfast wasn’t in my mind (which is part my foult for yesterday not writing the morning routine) and my excuse to why I would go back to sleep was **I wanna keep dreaming about what i was dreaming**, I cannot even remember what it was that I was dreaming about. 
Every morning, I always find some reason to why I’m not waking up, and it convinces me. Mostly because I don’t have any "ganas” to start the day (not usuallly at least). That is something that I find sad. But it directly correlates whith the usage and dependance to dopamine. I know that a change in my dopamine usage (smoking, porn, screen time, pleasure seeking) will create this motivation. Obtaining pleasure from long lasting places instead of quick shots. (this is something that I’ve been knowing for a long time, then why am I not doing it?)
There was something said in the movie “Don’t look up” about types of lifestyles, why they said it doesn’t really matter,however I related to it.The statement described a type of user for a social media app as **lifestyle idealist**: someone that needs to have some values and find some meaning but still **runs from pain and always goes towards pleasure**.
This is something I think I’ve been doing for far to long. I need to start facing the pain and going through it or I won’t be able to feel good about what I achieve. 
It’s like with camp preparation. In order to really feel good about a camp I need to prepare it, work on it, is not the most enjoable thing and there will be moments where there is no time or I have to work on something that I dislike, but doing those things is what then makes the good times even better. 

***

## [Objectives](Objectives%20from%20March%2023%20to%20September%2023%20)

- [ ] Morning Routine
	- [ ] Woke up in time
	- [x] Enough breakfast
	- [ ] Gym / Training /Movement (30 min)

- [ ]  Instagram usage

	- [ ] Keep usage under 1 hour
	- [ ] Keep usage in the home not in reels
	- [ ] Post something

- [ ] No porn 

- [ ] UC3M
	- [ ] Achieved all task proposed at the start of the day
	- [ ] Went to all classes

- [ ] Read during the day


---
### Tomorrow's morning routine: 
+ Why is this routine important? 
+ What would benefit me from doing it?