---
tags:
  - dailyNote
checking: 
lifeOS:
  - "[[lifeOS]]"
  - "[[Objectives from March 23 to September 23]]"
---
###  First things first: 

- [ ]  Woke up in time
- [ ] Enough breakfast
- [ ] Gym / Training /Movement

### Today's reflections: 
Even though yesterday I had a great day and ended up feeling great I did not wake up and had un unsuccessful morning. The main thing to get out of all of this is that even if I wake up like today a few times and even at the actual hour I would like to be up. I need to make the effort of getting out of bed. I cannot think or even wonder about a five minutes more idea. 
This concept is repeated again and again, I also see it on the ideas I hear from [[The Huberman Lab]] podcast when he interviews David Goggins. Or when I read about how addiction driven minds work, how my mind works. It's a constant fight and one single thing can alter it all. But still I need to be able to let one little thing be if it happens. But I cannot use it as an excuse. 
This morning I did something hard for me when deciding that I was going to go to uni with my father. This helped a lot of course as I'm now sitting in uni and even if I'm not being as productive as I could have been (cause I'm really fighting the starting to study part of the day) I'm in a place that forces me to start that. And that is key. 

Finally Aroa made it known that she also wants to be able to meet more. I still feel a little bit resented about how she's been acting, of course that is hard to communicate for us, we are not custom to it. But sometimes just showing some interest in the other's life is nice, even if it's just a silly how was your day. 
This is something that I myself need to work on. An exercise that occurs to me is trying and for a day, only ask and talk about whatever the other person in front of me is telling me. Create conversations on whatever the other one is saying and mostly listen. I'm going to try that today.  I did not even try.

I forgot once I got up of the desk I was writing on. 
### Before we end: 

- [ ]  Instagram usage
	- [x] Keep usage under 1 hour
	- [x] Keep usage in the home not in reels
	- [ ] Post something

- [x] No porn 
- [ ] UC3M
	- [ ] Achieved all task proposed at the start of the day
	- [x] Went to all classes

- [ ] Read during the day