---
tags:
  - dailyNote
checking: 
lifeOS: "[[lifeOS]]"
---
###  First things first: 

- [ ]  Woke up in time 
- [x] Enough breakfast
- [ ] Gym / Training /Movement

### Today's reflections: 
+ Seems like instagram usage, in order to use it as I have set in objectives I first need to stop using it. I'll uninstall it during the day and only install it during the mornings and the nights. After usage I'll uninstall again.
+  Today was nice. Did some hard things but they weren't't actually hard. I think that is because some days I just feel better and do things better. 
+ The key is to do things even when a day is not as easy 
+ I couln't go to class during the morning. I would have liked it so that I could see everyone. I feel that I need the union with my peers
### Before we end: 

- [ ]  Instagram usage
	- [ ] Keep usage under 1 hour
	- [ ] Keep usage in the home not in reels
	- [ ] Post something

- [x] No porn 
- [ ] UC3M
	- [x] Achieved all task proposed at the start of the day
	- [ ] Went to all classes

- [ ] Read during the day

### Tomorrow's morning routine: 
Tomorrow I plan on waking up at 7. Alarm is at 6:50 so that I actually get out of bed at 7.  For tomorrow morning I would like to do some exercise (basic pushup training and some handstands). Then after breakfast start studying calculus around 9. As I've seen today, studying calculus and similar subjects takes up more time as I expect initially. 
1. 6:50 Wake up  + hygiene + sun
2. 7:15 - 7:45 30 min of training (pushups + handstands)
3. 7:45 - 8:15 Shower + Depilar axilas
4. 8:15 Breakfast 
If there's some time it would be nice to go outside to have a walk before starting studying. Another thing is that I could go by car at 10: 30. If instead of taking that walk I start studying at 8:30 I should have that calculus time in. 
If I wake up real hungry I can always have breakfast before training. 