---
date: 2024-05-15T09:25
tags:
  - dailyNote
check(1-5): 
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - wednesday
---

# DAILY NOTE
## Wednesday, May 15th, 2024

***
### Journal
#### TIME: 10:12

I just changed the format of daily notes. It is not a huge change but it sure is something I did by trying new things. I like this small changes, just that. 
Tonight has been almost an all nighter. I’m glad it was, I had taken the habit of postponing something until it is to late to be done or I have little time, then just obtain the conclusion that the pros of sleeping (or not doing it) outweigh the cons of failing. This is not true but would surely make sense to someone that doesn’t want to do something. 
Being sleepy right not shows me that I suffered yesterday and pushed through it, it may not make a huge difference for the exam but it’s an step. I need to keep taking these steps. 

***

## [Objectives](Objectives%20from%20March%2023%20to%20September%2023%20)

- [x] Morning Routine
	- [x] Woke up in time
	- [x] Enough breakfast

- [ ] Gym / Training /Movement (30 min)

- [ ]  Instagram usage
	- [ ] Keep usage under 1 hour
	- [ ] Keep usage in the home not in reels
	- [ ] Post something

- [ ] No porn 

- [ ] UC3M
	- [ ] Achieved all task proposed at the start of the day
	- [ ] Went to all classes

- [ ] Read during the day


---
### Tomorrow's morning routine: 
+ Why is this routine important?

Este año repito exactamente lo mismo que hice el año pasado, Marbella y estudio. El año pasado no me cundió nada Marbella por exactamente la misma razón por la que no me esta cundiendo el estudio ahora mismo: Organización y rutina. Pero crear allí una rutina en Marbella es mucho más complicado que crearla aquí y luego tenerla ya allí, ese es mi objetivo estos días. Eso es lo que significa “wake up on time”.

+ What would benefit me from doing it?