---
aliases:
  - Transport network layer
  - Transport layer
tags:
  - review
  - Networks
References: 
cssclasses:
---
# Transport network layer

> [!NOTE] Definition: 
> The transport layer occupies itself of **sending the messages generated by the application layer through the network.** 
> 
> We’ll see in this note that there are challenges to that transport like transfering the data reliablely, controlling the rate of packages or solving congestion problems. We’ll also see the different protocols there are to send packets and how they work.

## Transport layer services and actions:
Services and protocols provide **logical communication between systems,** they divide the host between: 

+ **Sender:** The one braking appart the message into packets and sending it. It occupies itself of:
  + **Creating segment:** message + header + checksum
  + **Pass segment to IP/Network:** To the next layer

+ **Reciever:** The one recieving packets and sending them to the app layer
  + **Recieves segment + checks header:** check everything is ok
  + **Extract message:** For application
  + **Pass message to the app socket by DEMULTIPLEXING:** See demultiplexing in the next part


> [!attention] Differences between transport and network: 
> Transport layer is going to do the communication between **processes** while the network layer is doing the **communication betweeen hosts**. 

> f.e: If we had letters being send between houses, the transport layer is the postman while the network layer is the road.


## Multiplexing and demultiplexing:

> [!NOTE] Multiplexing: 
> The act of handling data of **multiple sockets**, putting a header and sending it over the network.
> Packets are comming from multiple sockets, so we put a header to each of one saying the socket it comes from and where it goes to and send them without a proper order into the network.
+ Each datagram will have a mix of the four variables: **Destination IP + Port** and **Source IP + Port**. 
  Based on the type of multiplexing  and demultiplexing performed an n-tuple of these values will be sent.


> [!NOTE] Demultiplexing: 
> The opposite of multiplexing, using the header to know into which socket must the packet be delivered. 

### Connectionless demultiplexing:
+ Referenced by only destination and source ports? #Duda: more info about this
### Connection-oriented demultiplexing:


***
