---
aliases:
  - Nmap
tags:
  - Cyber
"References:":
  - https://nmap.org/
cssclasses:
---
# Nmap
Nmap is a **network analysis and security auditing tool**
+ Written in C, C++, Python and Lua
Useful to scan and understand how a network is wired up. ^somefootnote
+ **Documentation can be found [here](https://nmap.org/)**
## Output:
The output of nmap will consist of a list of scanned targets and it’s ports. Each port scanned is classified inside the **interesting ports table** where it is **given an state that can vary between:**
### Port states: 
+ **open**: Some app is listening
+ **filtered**: Something is blocking, cannot tell
+ **closed**: No app listening
+ **unfiltered**: Responsive port, however cannot tell if open or closed
+ **open|filtered** or **closed|filtered**: Cannot determine between the two states
+ 
How to perform several port scans and evaluate them: [[20240820 - 201355 - Port scanning with Nmap|Port scanning with Nmap]]
## Target specification: 
Any thing that is not an option or argument is taken as a host specification (target). This target can be given as a hostname or directly as the IP address. 
+ **Hostname:** Solved with DNS, if more than one IP at the other side takes only the first unless specified with **–resolve-all**
+ **IP:** One ip or use some style:
	+ **CIDR-style** to specify all IPs within some interval: [[20240820 - 191156 - CIDR-notation for IPs|CIDR notation]]
		**f.e**: Use `192.168.10.0/24` to scan all 256 host between 192.168.10.0 and 192.168.10.255. 
	+ **Comma-style** to skip some ip in between. 
		**f.e:** ``192.168.3-5,7.1` will scan the four addresses 192.168.3.1, 192.168.4.1, 192.168.5.1, and 192.168.7.1`

More about discovering hosts in: [[20240702 - 132355 - Host discovery with Nmap|Host discovery with Nmap]]
## Package trails: 
+ Once an scan is completed we can use the flag `--packet-trace` to follow the messages between nmap and the network.
+ The flag `--reason` spits out based on which scan did the tool arrive to the final conclusion. 

### Saving the output: 
Nmap saves the results in 3 different formats: 
+ `.nmap` extension: flag `-oN`
+ `.gnmap` extension (grepable output): flag `-oG`
+ `.xml` extension: flag `-oX`

The **xml** can be converted to html for better readability using the `xsltproc` tool: 
```shell
xsltproc target.xml -o target.html
```

# Flags: 
+ **Get input targets from a list:** Use the option `-iL`. This list can be in the formats specified above
+ **Get random targets:** Use the `-iR` option. 
+ **Storing the results in all formats under a given name:** Use `-oA <name>`
+ **Packet tracing:** Use `--packet-trace`

## Nmap Scripting Engine(NSE)
Several scripts can be used to obtain more specific information about the target: 

+ Apply default scripts
```shell
sudo nmap <target> -sC
```
+ Use an specific script: 
```shell
sudo nmap <target> --script <category>
```
+ Use defined scripts
```shell
sudo nmap <target> --script <script-name>,<script-name>,...
```

### Aggressive scanning
We can also **perform an aggressive scan with the flag `-A`**. This scans the target with: 
+ Service detection: `-sV`
+ Os detection: `-O`
+ Traceroute: `--traceroute`
+ Default NSE scrips: `-sC`

### Vulnerability assesment: 
A type of script that can be applied is the `vuln`script: `--script vuln` 
This script looks for known vulnerabilities and other vital information for future exploits. 

